The Joe Rogan experience.
Develop these suits for people to wear around bears or these bear suits.
They'll like these big metal suits with spikes popping out of them.
Have you ever seen any of that? See me? You'll find those there.
Bear proof suits develop cheese. Yeah. Well,
I think they've developed. I think they started out in Siberia. He was wearing,
it does look for 2,500. That's a Siberian bear hunting suit.
So they literally developed a suit that's covered in spikes so that if the bear
tries to bite you, it hurts his teeth. I mean,
you got to have to ask that dude, but since we have his jacket,
I doubt he's alive. You know, I guess a good point. That's a good point.
Probably peeled them like an avocado.
That's going to be, that's going to be a Yeezy outfit. They six months.
It wasn't literally, I wasn't joking. When I said I looked at his jacket. Oh,
wow.
[Inaudible].
Oh, this was he. When he was on stage with a mask on.
He had a stocking cap on his face. That is what he's wearing.
We're in a bear hunting jacket. Wow. Wow. That is crazy.
And that jacket probably cost $3,000.
30,000. Yup.
What's so crazy. Is they going to buy it to Joe? Of course.
And they going to buy that? Ma I keep telling black people. I say Kanye is rich.
He's a genius. Y'all can't walk around United States being black,
but that on your head, it's like, you got to rub the gas station.
If Tanya had food stamps, black people would buy it for $3,000 a pop. Not me.
Connie's an unusual human and you're mad at him. No,
his brain is firing at a different RPM than everybody. Else's
he's just going, like, he's probably simultaneously thinking about new products,
always thinking about new songs while I was thinking about,
he wants to re-imagine housing and wants to build houses. He wants to like,
develop like communities that are, are self-reliant communities,
where they grow their own food and use solar power on.
And the dude is just constantly going with new ideas constantly.
They're like still like a he's like, do you know?
There's there's people whose brains just don't work at the same speed as ours.
Right.
And that's one of those people and his just constantly trying to process things.
And he was saying that when they've tried to get my medication, they were like,
listen, you gotta get on medication. Like there, they tried to calm him down.
But the medication made him, he, he, he started getting [inaudible].
He looked different. He looked slow. He looked unhappy.
And you know, like he, I mean, he,
it was a droopiness to his face. And I remember the black committee,
like what the is Kanye. Hell.
Wow. You.
Know? But then when he got out of it, he came alive.
I don't know why he put the stocking cap on his head,
but I guarantee you he's across the top.
And you won't see a whole bunch of people with ski masks on.
Well, in this day and age where everybody has to wear a mask,
that's the solution. And here's.
The solution for us.
Kim was wearing one too. She was, she wore one to show the whole deal.
Her kids were like, what the are you wearing? Mommy?
You paid three. You'll pay 3000 for your makeup. And now you got on a screw cap.
I wonder how many people are gonna wear those bear hunting suits around now.
Now.
People going by a.
Hundred.
Well, when you like, or notice you buy them, look, I'm not even be unsay size,
but I find myself waiting on an avid park shoe. I can't wait.
would be unsafe shooting. She dropped,
but waiting on avid POL to drop some. You hear me?
I have four phones on the laptop going,
I got to get me a pair of avid pod shoes.
When Kanye came on the podcast, before he came on,
w w there was one point in time where he wanted to redesign my studio.
He's like, I want to redesign a studio. Want to do it somewhere else?
We're going to redesign. I was like, oh, okay. But then, uh, Jamie got COVID.
Jimmy was not there for the Kanye interview, unfortunately. So he, uh,
so we had looked, man, we just lost our producer. We got to do it in our studio.
So he did it and in here in our old studio, but he did not like it.
He did not like this static. So the old studio was like,
his mind is always thinking about design. And, and when he told me this,
I was like, okay. And so then all of a sudden we're on FaceTime.
He starts showing me sketches that he already has of the new studio that he
wants to design. He was making a studio like a womb, like this big,
crazy studio. He had this, these wild ideas. Like his brain is on. It's like,
he's on jet fuel, just constantly going.
But that's why he can do all the that he does. It's not a normal mind.
He had two listening parties. Did he drop the album yet? I don't think so.
And I still ain't dropped out and people, well,
what the can you it's like crack to him now?
What he does. He gets everybody excited about things. He's a genius. Yeah.
Watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.